Description of UI Prototype system

The UI state will need to implement some kind of visitor/builder pattern implementation. 
-> https://dzone.com/articles/design-patterns-visitor
https://dzone.com/articles/design-patterns-builder

When the UI state is initialized, we run a build method that visits all of the GUIElements in the list 
and constructs their scene-graph components.

Using the app state to construct elements might allow us to remove scene-graph elements from the GUI 
base class into the build method of the app state.

The UI State Manager will need to maintain a list of UI States to implement sub-menu behavior. 

The app state would also be a good place to host the event listeners of GUIElements. The AppState that 
hosts the UI state should have access to a query method that asks the UI state for events that it needs 
to act upon. The Event Handlers will be based on the Observer pattern

There will be different versions of the UI state depending on where it is used...
-> Main Menu UI State is used for the first menu the game goes to and manages separate UI States for sub-menus.

-> Loading Screen UI State is used when the game needs to load level data and needs to shows progress of loading.

-> HUD UI State is used in-game to show health, levels, status bars, etc... while the game is active. 
Optionally, Inventory UI States will be managed from this specific UI State

-> Pause Menu UI State is used when the player pauses the game.

We may need to make a distinction between a UIState and UIStateManager. The UI State Manager should manage the 
transition between different UI States as well as exposing methods to host app states in order to pass event information.

----------------------------------------------

When GUI Elements use the composition pattern, they naturally gain the ability to add children. The operation method included 
within this particular pattern seems to also be a good place to include the observer pattern for registering events as well.

The top-level component in the UI should be the UI app state or at least a component that the UI state has global access to. 
Removing the UI state should directly remove this top-level component which in turn will remove all of it's attached children.

Optionally, this top-level component could be a solid window or transparent one. This window will have either panels or other 
leaf-components attached as children.

Using the composition pattern should also grant the possibility of separating scene graph class members into their own 
leaf component while only needing a scene node root for the element left in the base component.
